In the last lecture I walked you from the project will use and for X years the package I recommend for
making HTP requests and re-act applications.
Let's not make such an HTP request.
And for that dummy back and we're using I already showed you do you are ready to send the request to
to get an array of posts.
Now I want to render that array of posts in my block container.
There I have to individual post components.
And of course data should be dynamically generated list of posts a list of posts we fetched from a server
to be precise.
Now where do we make this HTP request then let's have a look at the lifecycle slides again for dad.
Maybe we find a fitting lifecycle hook there.
If we have a look at the lifecycle Hooke's we encountered using component creation.
There is one life cycle that we should use for side effects.
Component did mount and the HGP request is a side effect.
It doesn't affect your re-act logic or something like that but it has the side effect of fetching new
data and if your reactor application is dynamically outputting some data which it probably is the data
changing of course is a side effect affecting your application.
So component did MT is a great place for causing side effects but not for updating state since it triggers
the re render.
We will still update the state here once the HTP request to Stallin got us new data because we actually
want to update the page.
So here is actually a wanted behavior so component did MT is the best place to send the HTP request.
So in the block container Let's implement component did mount and now we need access to sent that request.
So I will import axioms from the actual package.
And now we can use it here in component at Mt X years offers a get method for sending you guessed it
get requests.
This method needs at least one argument.
D You are the one to send this get request to.
So here you are l I copied from the dummy placeholder page with Slash posts at the end.
Now you can also pass a second argument to configure this request and you can learn more about all the
configuration options and so on.
On that get up page discours is of course not mainly about Xs.
So I won't walk for all the set up you can possibly add here but this page is a great starting point.
Still we're about to see some of the things you can do with X for out this module.
Here however I don't need any specific configuration.
I just want to send vanilla normal gets requests to that or else.
The thing of course is this should return some posts but trying to store them in a post constant won't
work because of course that get request happens asynchronously.
It doesn't finish immediately.
It needs some time to go to the server and get the data.
Javascript though executes your code in a synchronous manner.
So after this line the next line is executed immediately it won't pause until this is finished so it
won't store the posts and the posts constant here.
This is the wanted behavior because we don't want to block the execution of our application just because
we're waiting for this request to finish.
X yes.
Therefore uses promises a default javascript object introduced with ESX.
And thanks to our workflow we're using with create react.
Also available in older browsers since the code gets compiled to code which also works in older browsers
so Access uses promises and get returns a promise so we can change then on it then is simply a method
which takes a function SD input and this function will get executed once the promise resolves.
So once the data from the back end is there we can say the function then receives a response object
as an input.
This will be passed into the function automatically by X-ists And let's for now simply print it to the
console so that we can see what's inside of it.
I'll save this code go back to the re-act application and reload the page and we immediately see this
object being printed to the console.
If we expand that we see the status code here and all these properties here are just properties provided
by the access package.
So we got the status quo 200 So it was successful.
We see the request which was send we see the response headers and important for us.
We have the data object which contains the data returned from the server.
We sent the request to and for this dummy placeholder service this simply is an array of javascript
objects where each object should represent a post.
As you can see there we got a title a body an A D and a user id property.
Now we can work with that data and of course one to work with it to render it dynamically to the screen
here and output some posts instead of that dummy content I have right now.